if you get a shot of that are out there
we're trying to not go into it
your predicament on the situation right
now it's a little slick little slick
clear vision of the snow right now on
the video it's a good time
chanson here
make sure the rot
as you can see on this video we are
approaching a very nasty set of rats
yes you all agree with you I'd say about
a month and a half ago we were
motorcycling up these ruts and we're
kind of stuck in right now
it's a shitty deal that's really
starting to snow
this
ok I will go on these logs I I would
and do it
it's no way you're going around
I'm sure they're there for me
job buddy
little top heavy right now built the
awesome kick up good we're golden
pushing logs pushing hahaha son got
this got this
yeah yeah clean creek november 10
november 10 2007 2007 for your mind
wheeling for high
on downhills meeting up with them to tjc
at the bottom Christmastime
there's no snow in Calgary at this time
right now slide slide slide brisket
slide slide shits on move
there you go predicament